The shit you hear about me might be true or it might be faker than the bitch who told it to ya
The shit just blows me..claim you so faithful and down for somebody but still fucking with hoes!
I can not just sit up and HATE on another bitch .. I got too much shit going on!
bitch plz whatever
i spend my money how i want bitch its my business 
Leafs better win this damn game so I can go riot and shit
I play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos
Oregon chokes every year get off the field trash ass program
A smuggler explains how he helped fighters along the Jihadi Highway
Aww their avis look so cute together do I gotta get Ike avi on this bitch ?
Its simple, dont be a hoe=dont worry about being exposed whys this bitch boosting herself 
Her size isn't exactly the most healthy tho"
bet not be no bitches!
Damn near gotta protect my tweets.. stalkers being annoying you got that dope dick. Drive these bitches loco
I'm making marack my girlfriend aye b you pullin hoes just like o taught you
Bruno fag boy you love me.
Don't take advantage of a nice person @ hoes
Happy birthday bitch nigga
Sad knowing that most hoes won't fuck with you bc you ain't got stacks. wait till friday
cinco shit harder fucc nigga yee but you fucc wit rich homie cuz dats ya homeboy fucc nicca
ewww I said THAT last Sunday..as in the last Sunday I was there. Read it again nigs
I only punch real niggas in the face cause a pussy Nigga is gonna punch me right back Strong Mush or Shake..
My pussy still fresh""something stank girls say.
Ass slapping is one the greatest things. Haha. I slapped a girl on the ass. . She got mad I aint get pussy for a week
yeah Texans are so much better you fucking retard"" I see that you're mad about this.
Nd wtf is up with dark bitches with blonde.. PLEASE HAVE SEVERAL SEATS HOE!..looking like black&amp;milds out here
There's a lane some bitches need to stay in the left n get right the fuck outta our face
I hate when boys deny that they have bitches smh
Ya nigs out there still saying y'all don't eat butt?! WITH A STRAIGHT FACE!
Im a boss ass bitch ...that needs to sit in a corner
He's a hoe , I can't
bitches hold they nigga down when he get locked up... but if a nigga go to college or the military it's a different story
why do my friends hate me"" because you a ratchet hoe..
No love for these fuck niggas hoes
Hot meat sexy as fuck scally lad. I would love to meet him and his trainers.
Sniff perved up scally lad. fuck yeah."
These bitches love Sosa
I legit watched it for about 30 or 40 seconds SO DID I WTF prob cause were retarded smh"
What should I name my cat, ideas? Mr pussy
woof woof. Sexy thug boy scally.
3a u see the damn phone ringing?" when you married bitches makes demands!!!! You haven't called me
Tevin is my favorite sophomore I think he's so funny"" Hes really not. Lmaoo hes a little hoe"
10 sex positions naw this what u call fucking the soul outta bitch
is bored supposed to be cute, you faggot?"" Sometimes"
One mans trash is another mans treasure
I don't got no type. Bad bitches is the only thing I like
the coach wants me"" i feel it youll get more my nig no doubt
god teeth , gold chain white bitches , cocaine
Its me hoe, its me hoe shhhhh
In D.C., we call them rollers, in Chiraq we call them thots."" All across America they have been known as a hoe.
I'm gonna miss that bitch of a bus driver...no you won't. Don't lie
hate when bitches try and put you in the friendzone. bitch I'm tryin to score put me in the endzone 
Ashley Young has tried to deny that bird s*** landed in his mouth hahaha
yall both gimped up?? Ain't tht a bitch huh lol